 Xinhua world news summary at 1530 GMT, Aug. 23



MANILA -- Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte said on Tuesday
that the bilateral talks between the Philippines and China may
happen "within the year."

Asked if there is already a date for the start of the talks,
Duterte told reporters at the Malacanang presidential palace that,
"Yes. Nearer than you think. Within the year, maybe."
(Philippines-China)

- - - -
NAY PYI TAW -- Chairman of Myanmar's former ruling party - the
Union Solidarity and Development Party (USDP) U Thein Sein has
resigned from the party leadership, sources with the USDP Central
Executive Committee said Tuesday.

U Thein Sein, also ex-president of the country, made the
resignation at the party's second day meeting of the Second
Nationwide Party Conference in Nay Pyi Taw. (Myanmar-Party)

- - - -
WASHINGTON -- The U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) has
uncovered nearly 15,000 new emails to or from Democratic
presidential nominee Hillary Clinton when she served as secretary
of state, and a federal judge has ordered a speedy release of the
emails.

Lawyers for the State Department suggested to begin the release
of the emails by Oct. 14. However, U.S. District Judge James E.
Boasberg of Washington rejected the proposal, ordering the State
Department to prioritize Clinton's emails and to return to court on
Sept. 22 with a new plan. (US-Clinton-Emails Scandal)

- - - -
TEHRAN -- Russia's fighter jets have not halted flights from an
Iranian airbase into Syria to pound militants, Iran's Majlis
(Parliament) Speaker Ali Larijani said on Tuesday.

However, Tehran has not put any military bases in the country at
the disposal of Russia, Larijani's words came as a reaction to
Monday remarks of Foreign Ministry spokesman who said that Russia
had stopped using Iranian Hamedan airbase for carrying out
operations against militants in Syria. (Iran-Russia-Airbase)
Enditem


