2016-07-30

 Xinhua world news summary at 1530 GMT, July 30



MANILA -- Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte lifted Saturday
night his unilateral declaration of ceasefire with the leftist
rebels and ordered the security forces to be "on high alert."

In a statement released at 7:00 p.m. local time, Duterte said:
"Let me now announce that I am hereby ordering the immediate
lifting of the unilateral ceasefire that I ordered on July 25
against the communist rebels." (Philippines-Rebels)

- - - -
DAMASCUS -- Dozens of Syrian families and armed rebels who
surrendered themselves evacuated rebel-held districts in Aleppo
Saturday, as part of the government initiative to resolve the
situation there, state news agency SANA said.

Dozens of families left eastern Aleppo districts via routes
identified as safe passages by the Syrian authorities.
(US-Syria-Strikes)

- - - -
YEREVAN -- Armenian police detained 165 people here Saturday
following clashes between law-enforcement officers and supporters
of an opposition group, the state-run Armenpress news agency
reported.

Clashes broke out Friday night, not long after demonstrators
changed their marching route to approach the Khorenatsi Street. A
group of armed men have been barricaded inside a police station
there since July 17, demanding the release of jailed opposition
leader Zhirair Sefilian. (Armenia-Protest)

- - - -
RIYADH -- Saudi forces killed dozens of Houthi militias Saturday
at Saudi border city Najran while foiling infiltration attempts in
Saudi-Yemeni borders, Al Arabiya local news reported.

The forces, which are leading an Arabic coalition to fight
Houthis in Yemen for more than a year, also announced the death of
a Saudi officer during the clashes to stop Houthis from entering
the Saudi territories. (Saudi-Yemen) Enditem


